Again.
So one of the question that comes to you meant ease in the situation that we use the center server as
a virtual machine in a host and we manage the toaster Traub the center server.
What's happened if that host is out of service how to censor server we know that the horrors that have
to be Center service is out of service.
And what's happened for the DNS and head of ability how will the environment take action to reboot to
do vitriol machine of the reasons are sort of an inside another Haast.
So for that you should know that when we use the central server as a virtual machine in our homes or
even in our separate host that is not managed by the sentence server itself.
That's when we create an environment and we make the configuration of the has the ability to visit on
a server.
We pick our hosts as our muster and other Haast in the cluster as a slave as you know we need always
always we need our cluster and put this different server inside that cluster that we want to configure
it for the height of ability.
So when we put our height of ability configuration to be sent to a server center server will pick up
our host and give it to the portal as a master.
They differ on toast.
We'll use it as a slave.
So integration for example this Haast have to be central server.
Then the Vicent of server will give the power to this host to be the master of this environment or this
cluster to manage the height of a.
So he tells to this host Hey you are the master and responsible for the height of ability to do this
task.
So we gave it to us struction to this horse to run the task for the different height of ability route.
So if something wrong happened to this host the muster will take action and put out a virtual machine
that's run it in this host.
One of them is the view sensor inside this host or this host or any other of a liberal host.
But another question that's come to your mind what's happened this must date the muster that have Hovda
veteran machine or even this master who have the center server the saying that this muster how powerful
to manage the host when this muster is out of service all the slave have an instruction to make a vote
or to make an election to chose another Mustang.
So if this muster is this live and does live where to make a decision to chose one of them to be a master
this one will be our master.
Or for example this one will be a muster and then when this one become a must take action that they
must or shall do then who will migrate or move.
All the vitriol that exists in this one and running it in another sort of.
So this is the idea how the muster and slave work even the Vicent that is out of service the center
server have only the option to add or delete.
Also some rule.
But when we can feel the heights of ability and the terrorists do this sort of serve those not do any
task only give us direction to those.
So rude and do still work along with the rules that did it from the center.
But when the Vicent instead of is out of service we can't create any tank.
We can't change a tank we can't delete or of any tank or charge in a room.
All right we'll keep working we do rules that we give it before we sense instead of out of service.
So this is how the different server works.
Even the Vicenzo server is out of service.
And so the idea that you should know is how these hosts have communication between them as we know this
Hatchell be connected through August which we have an internet connection between them and this is one
of the rules we have our network and the same hosts connected to created Stosh.
So when the defendant tossed about it on and work with the root of the height of ability.
How denote that this host is out of service how the muster know that he should power on or rebooted
the vitriol machine in this posting.
I'm not a horse for that.
Every sort of sent on a heartbeat different server.
I heard it.
It's like a ping if you know we don't we want to check on and the house is worth but be we send link
to that post.
So the Post will respond.
That's OK.
Then we know that host is work perfectly.
So the muster sent are hard to beat drubbed attorney and it's work.
Then send it to display.
Hello.
Are you still alive.
The slaves.
Yes.
I'm alive.
Then sent another hello to the other slave.
Hey.
Hello slave.
Are you alive and slave.
Answer.
Yes I'm alive.
That's it.
Then the slaves sent are you.
Laved muster the muster.
Yes I'm alive.
That's it.
So the communication between them and the server work and particularly so in a case this horse is out
of service.
Mr. STERN.
Hello.
I heard Bates dropping the display.
Are you all right.
Do Slade those not get any answer.
Then give it another chance for two or three times they have some specific time to do it.
Then when he takes that this slave is out of service he will automatically take action and that it would
all the virtual machine inside of the slave or in the master itself.
But in some cases we for example we have a file in the network.
This cable is cut it down.
They started text also that does not answer a lot of time.
For example if you remember when we config our lab we create two physical network adapter for the virtual
machine and two physical to work other for the management the management of the server and the most
when its current a pain to do management.
Hey asked him Are you still alive.
For example we have the problem a physical network adapter of the management that's me.
The host is I host does not have any connection with the network but due to other network adapter of
the virtual machine still work perfectly.
And on the virtual machine and do still exist in this has worked perfectly there is a must that need
to reboot to switch a machine and not the host.
Of course not we know that the virtual machine still.
Of course we have a modern other the tool spews application that we send a pink or a headbutt to the
defendant's virtual machine to detect our dispatching machine work but this is more complicated and
need a high performance of the network etc. but the normal situation the muster will send another how
to beat another pink not trough the Internet but Drog the cable connected to do shit in storage.
This is the intelligence of the day and were used shared storage has our network between two different
tasks.
So the Master will send are being held to the shared storage.
Ask please do is the hardest number one still work.
Its trust with takes out a virtual machine running into slave number one work at least here will tend
to the mustard.
Yes the host number one worked perfectly.
So the muster no.
Thus the last number one work perfectly even.
There are no connection between the host and network.
So we know that there's something wrong only about management or the cable out of management.
But the difference between a machine that the company need worked perfectly.
So it will not take any action and wait until the administrators of the network fix the problem for
example gets to the cable back to work or fix the port management or network adapter etc..
So he sent a word be be the internet cable and also drug do shared storage.
Of course as I told you all the virtual machines will be in the shut its doors so you automatically
detect that this virtual machine is still running perfectly Droguet the House number one.
So note that this is work perfectly but when hate detects that this is our service then give it another
chance drug.
Shit its taught us at different that this hose is out of service.
Then he will take action and reboot of the virtual machine in the host but in another situation that's
to do that.
He used another and said how to debate me the management or the cable responsible for the management
of this host is out of service.
All the virtual machines still work perfectly and they must not have a problem to connect to this shit
it's.
So all the connection between the master slave is not available.
In this case there are are hard to beat that sundeck to do.
Virtual Machine is a madrassa one that is some application and some of them were true etc..
But this it will be more powerful and more danger.
For example some situation will make a note etc and it will complicate your environment a lot so this
when we use it to being to send a link to the difference between a machine in a heartbeat.
To not Alda's your machine work perfectly.
If yes then he keep using slave hours.
It still work.
If not he will take action and chose another server to run to different virtual machine.
So this is the idea of the master and slave.
And of course we the muster take is down he will chose another one to be the master.
So in the next week you will start the practical step to see a real example of ADO.
Hide Amoebe too soon to be.